[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
PICNIC
[Mr. R3] Today's class is a picnic.
Let's all enjoy the great outdoors.
[all] Yay!
A beautiful sky!
Sky, sky, sky...
Fresh air!
[Halley] Air, air, air...
[both inhale]
Pretty flowers!
Flowers, flowers, flowers...
Nature... I love you!
Love you, love you, love you...
How can you say something so embarrassing
so loud, babu?
When I see something beautiful,
my inner voice just pours out.
Out, out, out...
-By the way, what have you been doing?
-I'm echoing you.
I'm really into it these days.
Echoing?
Yeah! Do you want to try? It's really fun.
Really? Maybe I'll try just a little bit.
Hello Halley's comet!
Halley's comet, Halley's comet,
Halley's comet...
See? Isn't it fun?
Uh, sure, but what's
"Hello Halley's comet"?
It's my catchphrase.
Hey, you two idiots.
Everyone's gone, babu.
[Naoku] What?
Mr. R3!
Kana! Erika!
What are we going to do? Are we lost?
Oh, no! There's no signal,
babu, babu, babu!
Babu Lisa, calm down!
[shouting] I can't calm down!
I won't be able to track
the stock market, babu!
I can lose millions
in just one second, babu!
How old are you, really?
[tummy growls]
Do you two have anything to eat?
I have the lunch my mom made
and a bottle of barley tea.
Milk.
I don't have anything.
Huh? But it's a picnic...
I'm a comet. I don't need milk or a lunch.
Don't you eat anything?
I eat if there's something to eat.
A baby and a comet...
If I was going to get lost anyway,
I wish it was with normal people.
[humming]
This is all the food we have,
so we have to share and ration.
What's in your lunch, Naoko?
"Please buy your lunch. From, Mom."
[wind blows]
Why would you do something like this!
Mr. R3! Kana!
Erika! [gasps]
[sighs]
I'm bored, babu.
-Do you want to fish?
-Huh?
Didn't you say
that you didn't have anything?
I don't have food,
but I do have a fishing rod.
What else do you have?
-Sincerity and sweetness.
-[growls]
Naoko... patience, babu.
[Babu groaning]
-[yelps]
-[screams]
-We got one!
-Yes, babu!
Catch and release!
What!
[groans]
Why!
It was small.
I only go after the big ones.
-[growls]
-[Babu] Give it to me!
Give it to me. I'll catch one.
I'm better at fishing than you.
Gauko can fish!
[shouting] Ba... bu!
Babu Lisa!
[water bubbles loudly]
-[angels choir singing]
-[screams]
I am the Goddess of the Pond.
Did you drop this Babu Lisa?
Or this "good" Babu Lisa?
[magical clink]
Eh... Babu Lisa isn't very nice.
And she was scary, too.
You two! I can hear everything!
-The good Babu Lisa!
-Hey!
If it's all the same,
we'd rather get the good one. Right?
Such honesty.
To an honest soul like yourself,
-I'll give both of them to you.
-[Naoko gasps]
I can't deal with this.
Babu!
[sighs]
-[Halley hums]
-What are we gonna do?
-[Mr. R3] Hey! Naoko Watanabe!
-[all] Uh?
[Mr. R3] If you're out there,
say something!
Mr. R3!
We're here! We're over here!
Are you all okay?
Mr. R3!
[Naoko] Thank goodness! We're saved!
I've been looking everywhere for you!
[stutters] For... for you...
-[robot voice fades]
-[screams]
[Naoko] Mr. R3!
His battery's dead.
You've got to be kidding me!
[grunts, body thud]
[crickets chirping]
Naoko, you pushed me into the pond.
I'm going to curse you for that.
-[shrieks]
-You shouldn't do that!
Oh! You really are the "good" Babu Lisa.
She pushed a baby into a pond.
With a good lawyer, we could get
like 30 million for damages.
[Naoko shrieks]
Goddess of the Pond!
[angels choir singing]
What is it? I'm eating supper.
-[slurps]
-Um, I'm giving this back!
I don't do returns.
Please, just this once!
[groans]
[gulps, sighs]
[gasps]
-[angels choir singing]
-Uh?
Did you drop this "good" Babu Lisa
or this "bad" Babu Lisa?
[gasps]
[grunting]
I'm hungry, babu.
Is this edible, babu?
Let's make Naoko eat it first
to make sure, babu.
Yo, round one.
Do a trick or something, babu.
Hello Halley's comet!
I can't take this anymore.
Why is this happening to me?
The only consolation
is this beautiful forest.
[electric saw revving]
Huh?
[humming]
[shrieks]
Naoko! I didn't think
I'd meet you in a place like this.
What are you doing?
I'm building "Bibilian Hills" here.
Bibilian Hills?
That's right. It's a 100-story building
where I'll dance with pretty girls
on every the floors,
and dance, and also dance.
It's going to be a fun building!
Huh...
You want to dance with me too, Naoko?
Well, if you insist...
-Shall we dance?
-[Naoko gasps]
[shrieking] No, we shall not!
-[roars]
-[Bibilian shrieks]
Do not destroy this beautiful forest
for such a ridiculous reason!
I'm sorry...!
[roaring]
[whoosh]
I did it again...
-Huh? Look!
-[all] Huh?
Isn't that the town over there?
-Huh?
-We just have to head that way.
Phew, we're going to be okay.
We were saved because Naoko
turned into Gauko, babu.
That doesn't change the fact
that she wiped out an entire forest.
What she did
was worse than Bibilian, babu.
[moans] Please don't say that...
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪